Smithy4s integration (#58)
neandertech/jsonrpclib: README.md

**/!\ Please be aware that this library is in its early days and offers strictly no guarantee with regards to backward compatibility**

See the modules/examples folder.

## Smithy Integration

You can now use `jsonrpclib` directly with [Smithy](https://smithy.io/) and [smithy4s](https://disneystreaming.github.io/smithy4s/), enabling type-safe, 
schema-first JSON-RPC APIs with minimal boilerplate.

This integration is supported by the following modules:

```scala
// Defines the Smithy protocol for JSON-RPC
libraryDependencies += "tech.neander" % "jsonrpclib-smithy" % <version>

// Provides smithy4s client/server bindings for JSON-RPC
libraryDependencies += "tech.neander" %%% "jsonrpclib-smithy4s" % <version>
```

With these modules, you can:

- Annotate your Smithy operations with `@jsonRpcRequest` or `@jsonRpcNotification`
- Generate client and server interfaces using smithy4s
- Use ClientStub to invoke remote services over JSON-RPC

> - Use ServerEndpoints to expose service implementations via FS2Channel

Reviewer: **nitpick:** it's not fs2-specific, should work with any Channel

```suggestion
- Use ServerEndpoints to expose service implementations via a Channel
```
